oh it's all over there we can get back
to us feel my heart let me feel it or
what oh now that's gonna stain why don't
we take this off off off it's white gun
hit him on you know it's not your name
it's wet oh boy something Oh
FBI oh dear God
Robert this man Lennie's pepperidge AKA
lenny the pep AKA sheldon wills AKA
little Timmy Hartwell is a confidence
man okay that's that's not the hold help
her up the infiltrate scientist
tablished was to legitimate business
contacts he was gonna drug you and
replace the real diamonds with these my
god oh my god and that's not all Oh Abbi
Abbi okay I'm sorry I'm sorry I um I
know I really liked you Charlotte I
don't let it bother you um he's a
professional at a laying suspicion at
seducing women of a certain age you know
if thang hears about this I am I'll be
delicate in my report get her statement
Thank You agent Caldwell
I'll need your full name